hey guys Shane ass here what is up guys
to say FFA melab on the map see Tom
obviously last time I missed out of my
video called it wasteland and I was just
because I was in a rush to leave for a
baseball game but anyways I'll talk
about the UF the UNP buff and some tips
for a seat on Moab which I like to do as
you guys saw a spot on the other side of
the map and what I like to generally do
is come to this side and if you want
stick in this building you can do it
it's very chaotic there's quite a few
ways they can come and kill you so I
just be a little cautious and I don't
recommend staying and the spot unless
you want a fast FFA go on what what I
generally like to do on this map is I
like to go in my little sea town rush
when I put at the full party I like to
stick to that corner just for the fact
that there's only one or two spawn
points and I kept them map down and it's
fairly easy to maintain and really easy
to sound poor and that's what I want to
talk i'm out of breath and I don't know
why I just that just did this come to
refill so like I said um just try not to
stick away from this area unless you
start falling behind in the game that's
really that's like a new magnet so if
you want to go in there if you're losing
or something you want to pick up your
pick up the pace go in that building I
guarantee you'll get some more kills and
another thing I want to talk about is
with this spot it allows you to play it
very defensive and very near 11 which is
fairly easy to do if you have a good
headset or if you just hear footsteps in
general you can understand that they're
coming and what I like to do is I want
to play super defensive and look when I
some horde this one guy I think it's
coming around like 30 seconds you'll see
me later on if you know what guys coming
around that corner just like pro make
yourself a smaller target and it really
seems to help and this is why I like
this little spot it's easy one be ones
all the time it's easy to pick off these
guys and also notice how i navigate
those map guys I stick to the edges I
don't run through the middle I always
try to make myself on the very edge of
the map I'd never try to go in the
middle but in the Middle's will have it
to stick to the edges and look how I
instantly go to into this hallway and
not taking my time again the hallway
instantly go in there and this is
another little tip if you know there's a
guy on the radar right here technically
past and see if he's going to make a
move I know he's not start doing
flashbang wait for him to get stunned
and I jump around the corner and pick
them off for an easy kill so
that's just my little tips stay in this
little stay on this side right in front
of me and it should be fairly easy to
get a MOAB also with the unp I haven't
noticed a big increase because I like
this gun i use it i think it's a good
gun thank the the recoil is a little
less I'm not too sure but overall it's
still a good gun I would rank it
probably third for the SMGs I think the
mp7 and the p90 are still better than
this gun but this one's pretty good
Manimal class is probably the hardest
hitting gun if you guys know what the
metal is extended mags rocket fire and I
think overall this gun is a really good
gun you guys should get a shot turn out
these on a long line of site map starts
to get too small maps and it should be
fairly easy to get my wife so I hope you
guys enjoyed so FFA serious i'm doing i
will have a hard hat moab for you guys
next and i'll see you guys tomorrow with
the new commentary hope you guys enjoyed
if we can hit 750 likes that be amazing
peace out motherfucker yes let's fill up
your left
you